1. What is Python?
    Python is a complex coding langauge that allows programers to communicate with a computer using understandable syntax
    Python has many applicable advantages over other langauges as it is useful for server-sided web developemnt, software developement, 
    and where I think pythons greatest strength lies is it's quick turn around for scripting. 

2. What is a variable? 
    In python, because there are not data set declarations as like in C (e.g. "int", "float") in python they use variables 
    as a placeholder for a reference to any form of data declared by the programers. 

3. What is a namespace? 
    In python, a namespace is a system used by python to assisgn unique names to specific objects. 

4. What is the difference between List and Tuple? 
    In python, the difference between list and tuple is that a list can be altered after creation, while a tuple doesn't 
    have the ability to change or be altered. 

5. How can you convert a number to a string? 
    By using pythons in-built function str(num) you have the ability to pass a number as a parameter and the resulting returned value 
    will be a string 

6. What are the rules for local and global variables? 
    Local variables are values that are assigned to code blocks that cannot be altered outside of said code block. While global variables
    are values that are assigned at the begininning of the execution of your code and can be accessed at anypoint within your code. 

7. Explain how to generate random numbers.
    In python, to generate a random number you firstly are going to want to import the random function into your code. After doing this, 
    you will have the ability to use the function rand.randint(min-max), which is a function that will randomly generate am integer number from the given 
    range of min and max which are both passed as parameters. 

8. What is a dictionary?
    in python, a dictionary is a collection of data objects that have an assigned key for easy access. 

9. 9. What is the self keyword?
    the self keyword is used when creating classes in python that allows the program to know the current instance of class that is being used. 
    it helps python distiguish between different instances within a class of multiple instances. 

10. 10. What are loop interruption statements?
    They are functinos that allow you skip or break a loop based on certain conditions. If these conditions are met, for example, and the statements
    break is used, it will stop the loop and continue down to the next line of code after the loop. 

11. Explain List, Tuple, Set, and Dictionary and provide at least one instance where each of these collection types can be used.
    A. List -> list is a collection of data that can be of any data type and can be altered after the creation of a list. 
        1. it can be used when creating a list for people RSVPing to a birthday party, each time someone says they can come, you can add them or remove them to the list. 
    B. Tuple -> unlike a list, a tuple cannot be changed or altered after the creation of its data. 
        1. It can be used to store the cordinates of an address that wont change. 
    C. Set -> is a collection of unique objects that are in no given order 
        1. removing duplicates 
    E. is a collection of data objects that have an assigned key for easy access
        1. when compiling a collection of authers and the books that they have created 

12. How is exception handling done? 
    it allows you to better test your code and handle instances throughout your code that would cause crashes. This could be useful when it comes to debugging 
    or handing a case where the user must try a different input, just for one example. 

13. What does the '#' symbol do in Python? 
    in python, the "#" allows you to add psuedocode to your code, it is a way to mark up your code using your own notes 
    without adding to the functionality of your code.

14. Write the command to get all keys from a dictionary. 
    all_keys = my_dict.keys()

15. What is range()? Give an example to explain it.
    it provides a sequenctial range of data from the given passed parameter. 
    #will print numbers 1-5
    for num in range(5) 
        print(num)

16. What does the // arithmetic operator do?
    it performs integer division. 

17. What is a data type?
    it is a type of value that is accecpted by the Python Langauge that allows for its value to be stored in a variable. 

18. What are the basic data types that are supported by the language?
    the different data types that are supported by the language include: Number based types, text based types, sequenctial types, boolean types and mapping types
    (like a dictionary)

19. How do you check whether the two variables are pointing to the same object?
    to check to see is two varables are pointing to the same object, you can use the python syntax is. 

20. What is for-else and while-else?
    it is a loop that has a conditional fail statement that has an alternitive solution if the main conditional statement fails. 

21. What does immutable mean in the context of programming?
    immutable means that the code is hard-coded and does not have the ability to be altered after delcared. 

22. What is a list in Python?
    a list in python is a collection of data which has the ability to be altered and isn't conformed to a set size. Because of this, list can easily add items, remove items and change items with 
    no issue

23. What is a tuple in Python?
    in python a typle is an immutable object which means once it is declared, the size cannot change, and the items within the tuple cannot change as well. 

24. When do you choose a list over a tuple?
    When working with a collection of data that you know must be altered throughout the process of the code. 

25. How do you get the last value in a list or a tuple?
last_value = my_list[-1]

26. What is Index Out Of Range Error?
    when the given index for a list exceeds the amount of items in the list. (you are accessing areas of memory with unrequested data)

27. Why should a program close a file when it is finished using it?
    you don't have control over the system that a user may choose to run your program, and in python if the program doesn't successfully close a 
    file that it opened, it may cause the lost of data within the file. 

28. Assume the variable names references a list of strings like ["John", "Sally", "Dale", "Jose", "Apryl"]. Write code that determines whether 'Sally' is in the names list. If it is, display the message 'Hello Sally'.  Otherwise, display the message 'No Sally.

    if "Sally" in names:
        print("Hello Sally")
    else:
        print("No Sally")